---
title: 'February 2015 - codename 1/3rd'
author: roobixx
layout: post
---

>"One cannot expect to attain the highest point of excellence without hard work and perseverance.[...] Try to improve to some extent each day and to experience that satisfying pleasure in having conquered what at first seemed to be an impossibility!" - Clarke
>This is my theme for 2015. No resolutions. Just conquering that which seemed impossible!

It is hard for me to grasp that we have already made it through the first two months of 2015. Man I really  dont know where the time it going these days. In a blink of an eye it will be summer. (and with the recent weather, I would not complain at all!)

So January was a great start for my year and February didn't disappoint either! 

* Started the month by going to BSides Huntsville. This was my first time at that event and let me tell you it was awesome! Everything from the venue to the speaker lineup and attendees questions were absolutely top notch! Highly recommend you attending next year.

* Huntsville is flat, very flat! I had some great runs while I was there.

* As a part of my presentation at BSides Huntsville, I released my first open source project out into the world. Let me tell you that was a terrifying moment. Overall the feed back I have gotten as been really good and lots of interest from some.

* Three days after the release of Harbinger (see previous bullet) I was approached by a company that wanted to commercialize Harbinger....WHAT!?!?!?!

* Someone submitted a PR on Harbinger to fix my horrible grammar! Praise the Lord! lol 

* I found out that I will be teaching a two class on Wireless Hacking and Penetration Testing come May in Charlotte as a part of the Charlotte Security Summit. I am very exicted about this oppurtunity.

* In the last few days of the month I started pondering a new idea for a project. A sinister project. More details on this in the coming months but hopefully this project will make a great submission to DerbyCon. Fingers crossed & hopeful.

* I finally have healed from the rib injury I got back in January at ShmooCon. Yay! I dont know of a much more uncomfortable condition than cracked ribs. Everything you do hurts, I mean everything. This made training tough this month but I still did fairly well. The biggest thing is that because of lost training days, I was forced to delay my first race this year. I was upset at first but now that I have made the decision I feel so much better and a lot more confident. 9+ weeks and counting to first race.

* I kept improving on my running times from January. I was able to get my 1 mile split down to 11:16 which is like the "flash" fast compared to...well ever!

* Biggest news coming out of February for me was that despite being the shortest month of the year, I managed to have a great month in terms of weight loss. Just above my average loss a month. 

* I am officially 1/3 of the man I used to be this time last year. I whopping 123.5 pounds lost since April 19th of last year. I still really don't believe but it has really happened. I am finally getting control over my body and my mind and it feels amazing! Still a ways to go but it is amazing that I am closer to than ever.

Well that is about all that come to mind right now but in reading back over it all of it, what a month! I am so optimistic for the next coming months as I continue to push myself harder in training and in work.

