---
title: 'January 2015'
author: roobixx
layout: post
---

>"One cannot expect to attain the highest point of exellence without hard work and perseverance.[...] Try to improve to some extent each day and to experience that satisfying pleasure in having conquered what at first seemed to be an impossibility!" - Clarke
>This is my theme for 2015. No resolutions. Just conquering that which seemed impossible!

### This post is personal!

So the first month of 2015 is coming to close and what a month it has been! In only 31 days I have:

- Completed my first 5k

- Lost another 10 pounds to get to a total of 110 down

- Went to my first Shmoocon that was amazing

- Swam my first 2 mile swim.....and 3000m swim

- Ran my first 2 miles nonstop and didnt die!

- bought a bike trainer...wow is fun but tiring.

- Started building a product and service offering to bring sustainability to 
myself and company

- Started work on a project with a friend. Going to be challenge but exciting

- Made new friends and rekindled relationships with old ones

- And despite sickness and injury on the last day of the month I 
accomplished a goal that only two weeks earlier I actually 
conceded...tonight I ran a sub 13 min mile. 12:35 to be exact.

Here is to redefining what is impossible for the next 11 months!

Honestly this is probably a really short list from the last 31 days but just sitting down and looking at it all is simply amazing for me. To know where I was this time last year till now....only way to describe it is amazing!
