---
title: 'Well Done!'
author: roobixx
layout: posts
---

First off, it has been way too long since I have done anything on this blog. I have been very busy with lots of things but this is not the time for that. Guess that means a near future blog post on the happenings and such.

Let me be clear in saying that this in no way has been solicited or requested. These are my true feelings and thoughts.

For many months now, I have been following a project that has be evolving into something truly amazing. I cant remember when I first come across it but it certainly stuck a chord with me. The project is called the AVATAR Project and it's brainchild is [Tony Robinson](https://twitter.com/da_667).

I have never personally met Tony and our only interactions have been limited to reddit and twitter. So when I say I don't know this guy from Adam, I mean it. Not even sure I could pick the gentleman out of a lineup. 

Tony has spent the last 10+ months writing an immersive guide into building virutal machine labs. His premise was geared more toward malware anyalysis but the knowledge he drops in his book goes so far beyond that scope. if someone asked me a source that would help them getr started in building a virtual lab, I would have pointed them in other directions but not any longer. I now consider Tony's work the standard for gettting your feet wet (or diving head first) into virtual machine labs. While, not a complete source of all things possible, taking the reader through mutliple setups, hypervisors and processes will prove to most people to be invaluable. 

I have poured over the book time and time again when it was in PDF format and downloadable for free. Now that Tony has been able to self publish, I couldnt help but buy a copy for myself with hte plan to buy more to give away as the funds permit. I recieved my first copy today and I could not be happier about it! 

The sheer amount of time and effor that went into this book is mind boggling. The value to our InfoSec community is off the chart. 

All I can say is well done sir! I hope many people see the value in your work and that you are able to reap the benefits of it for a long time to come. 

I could write so much more but at the end it all boils down to this...I found an incredible source of infomration and know how in Tony's book. I bought it as a means of saying thank you and I think you and all of your friends should as well. 

[Buy Tony's Book](https://www.amazon.com/Building-Virtual-Machine-Labs-Hands/dp/1546932631/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1497310341&sr=8-1&keywords=building+a+virtual+machine+lab)

-roobixx

